Readme.md, before:

# Cybersecurity | Networking
- [Security Training for Developers](https://www.hacksplaining.com/lessons) - Security Training for Web Developers
  
- [BlackArch Tools](https://blackarch.org/tools.html) - BlackArch Linux Penetration Testing Distribution

- [Cyber Kill Chain](https://www.lockheedmartin.com/en-us/capabilities/cyber/cyber-kill-chain.html) - Framework that part of the Intelligence Driven Defense model for identification and prevention of cyber intrusions activity.

- [OSINT Framework](https://osintframework.com/) - FREE OSINT Resources

- [Shodan](https://www.shodan.io/) - Shodan is the world's first search engine for Internet-connected devices.

- [Greynoise](https://www.greynoise.io/) - Real-time intelligence for modern threats

- [Exploit Database](https://www.exploit-db.com/google-hacking-database) - Dorks for intended for pentesters and security researchers.

- [Digital Forensics Lab](https://github.com/frankwxu/digital-forensics-lab) - Free hands-on digital forensics labs for students and faculty

- [TryHackMe Road Map](https://github.com/rng70/TryHackMe-Roadmap) -  list of 350+ Free TryHackMe rooms to start learning hacking

- ["CVE Details" Security Vulnerability Database](https://www.cvedetails.com/) - Offers a complete CVE database enhanced with additional information including advisories, exploits, tools, source code changes and much more

- [Xanthorox AI](https://xanthorox.net/) - Xanthorox AI is NOT a "Black Hat AI". It is an advanced AI assistant primarily designed to support ethical hacking, penetration testing, cybersecurity research (for both red and blue teams), and innovative tool creation by developers.

- [Dark Web OSINT](https://www.osinthandbook.com/dark-web-research) - List of links for dark web research


# AWS
- [Stephane Maarek Ultimate AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner CLF-C02 2025](https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-certified-cloud-practitioner-new/?couponCode=LETSLEARNNOW)

- [Stephane Maarek 6 practice exam AWS Cloud Practitioner](https://www.udemy.com/course/practice-exams-aws-certified-cloud-practitioner/?couponCode=LETSLEARNNOW)

- [NextWork Community](https://community.nextwork.org/) - Learn AWS, AI, and more through hands-on learning and real-world projects.

- [Tutorials Dojo](https://tutorialsdojo.com/) - One-Stop Learning Portal for AWS Certification, Azure Training & Other Cloud Topics

- [AWS Cloud Quest: Cloud Practitioner](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/courses/11458/aws-cloud-quest-cloud-practitioner) - role-based learning experience designed to equip you with practical AWS Cloud skills. Featuring 12 FREE hands-on assignments that guide you through building real-world solutions, this course is enriched by instructional videos, architecture diagrams, knowledge quizzes, and a competitive tournament mode.

- [AWS Educate](https://aws.amazon.com/education/awseducate/) - provides students and educators with no-cost access to cloud computing skills training developed by AWS experts

- [AWS Samples](https://github.com/aws-samples) - AWS Samples


# AI Related Tools | LLMs | MCP
- [AI Roadmap](https://github.com/aadi1011/AI-ML-Roadmap-from-scratch) - AI Roadmap from scratch

- [Deep-Live-Cam](https://github.com/hacksider/Deep-Live-Cam?tab=readme-ov-file) - Real-time face swap and video deepfake with a single click and only a single image.
  
- [Claude AI](https://claude.ai/) - next generation AI assistant built by Anthropic

- [AI Papers](https://aipaper.dev/) - Stay up-to-date with the latest AI research, for free, forever!

- [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/) - The world’s most trusted open ecosystem forsourcing, building, and deploying data science and AI initiatives.

- [Llama Index](https://www.llamaindex.ai/) - Build AI Knowledge Assistants over your enterprise data

- [NotebookLM](https://notebooklm.google/) - Your research and thinking partner, grounded in the information you trust, built with the latest Gemini models.

- [SynthID](https://deepmind.google/science/synthid/) - A tool to watermark and identify content generated through AI

- [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/) - Build with the latest models from Google DeepMind

- [Google AI Tools](https://ai.google/)

- [Convex Backend](https://github.com/get-convex/convex-backend) - open-source reactive database designed to make life easy for web app developers, whether human or LLM. Fetch data and perform business logic with strong consistency by writing pure TypeScript.

- [Neuron AI](https://www.neuron-ai.dev/) - ADK for PHP

- [PHP MCP Server SDK](https://github.com/php-mcp/server) - A comprehensive PHP SDK for building Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers. Create production-ready MCP servers in PHP with modern architecture, extensive testing, and flexible transport options.

- [Learn AI](https://bryllim.com/learn-ai) - List of free AI resources and certifications

- [AI Study Note](https://tidal-draw-67c.notion.site/Study-Note-AI-Agent-2b4b2866cc68805c8018dfb996578c94) - AI Agent Learning

- [AI Design Patterns](https://cloud.google.com/architecture/choose-design-pattern-agentic-ai-system) - This document provides guidance to help you choose a design pattern for your agentic AI system.


# Development

- [Free Public APIs](https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis.git)

- [A list of Free APIs](https://apilist.fun/)

# Whiteboard Tools

- [Excalidraw](https://excalidraw.com/) - Virtual collaborative whiteboard tool to easily create sketch diagrams

# APIs
 
- [Mockaroo](https://www.mockaroo.com/) > Dummy Data Generator, (MANY FEATURES) RECOMMENDED

- [Free Public APIs](https://github.com/edenramoneda/public-apis) - Free Public APIs


# Generators

- [CSS Grid Generator](https://cssgridgenerator.io/) - Tool that helps developers create custom CSS grid layouts more easily.
  
- [Tailwind Grid Generator](https://www.tailwindgen.com/) - Tool that helps developers create custom Tailwind grid layouts more easily.

- [Logo Generator](https://logomark.ai/) 

- [Ilus AI](https://ilus.ai/) - AI illustration Generator

- [Get Waves](https://getwaves.io/) - Wave generator

- [Shape Divider](https://www.shapedivider.app/) - Custom Shape dividers

- [Github Profile Generator](https://www.github-profile-generator.in/)


# Graphics | Animations | Illustrations

 - [Reactbits](https://reactbits.dev/) - Open source collection of animated, interactive & fully customizable React components for building stunning, memorable websites
   
 - [Blush](https://blush.design/) - Create and customize stunning illustrations with collections made by artists across the globe

 - [StorySet](https://storyset.com/) - Awesome free customizable illustrations

 - [WannaThis](https://wannathis.one/) - 3D illustrations and Mockups for design projects

 - [Mockuuups](https://mockuuups.studio/) - Drag-and-drop tool for creating beautiful app previews or any marketing materials. Easily insert your screenshot into device mockups for free.

 - [Parallax Figma Plugin](https://davv.store/parallax)
 
 - [Quaternius](http://quaternius.com/index.html) - Free game assets
 
 - [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/) - Best free stock photos, royalty free images & videos shared by creators.
 
 - [Undraw](https://undraw.co/) - Open-source illustrations for any idea you can imagine and create.
 
 - [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) - Beautiful Free Images
 
 - [Dribble](https://www.dribbble.com/) - Web Designs
 
 - [Freepick](https://www.freepik.com/)
    > If you want to browse only free illustrations. Put check "free" on the right side menu, then download your favorite      
      illustration. unzip the  file then get the .eps format then convert it to svg using this link cloudconvert below.
 
 - [Cloud Convert](https://cloudconvert.com/eps-to-svg)
 
 - [ICO Converter](https://www.icoconverter.com/)
   
 - [Free Frontend](https://freefrontend.com/) - Code snippets
   
 - [UI Gradients](https://uigradients.com/) - Color gradients
   
 - [Lottie Files](https://lottiefiles.com/) - Free lightweight animations for website

 - [HiCliPart](https://www.hiclipart.com/) > For downloading PNGs

 - [PNG Wing](https://www.pngwing.com/) > For downloading PNGs
   
 - [Animated SVGs](https://www.svgbackgrounds.com/)
   
 - [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/) - Online Photo Editor

 - [Uxintace](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61550360954650) - UI/Figma Designs

 
 # WEB RTC
 - [RECORD RTC](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RecordRTC)
 
 - [Adding video chat to your laravel app](https://mupati.medium.com/adding-video-chat-to-your-laravel-app-9e333c8a01f3)
 
 - [Live stream with WebRTC in your Laravel application](https://dev.to/mupati/live-stream-with-webrtc-in-your-laravel-application-2kl3)
 
 - [WEB RTC](https://www.webrtc-experiment.com/)

 
# Learnings

 - [Linux Basic](https://linuxjourney.com)
 
 - [PHP The Right Way](www.phptherightway.com)
 
 - [Web Skills](https://andreasbm.github.io/web-skills/)
 
 - [Goal Kicker](https://goalkicker.com/)
 
 - [Developer's Road Map](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap)
 
 - [Sir JP Ada's Learning Collections](https://github.com/johnpaulada/awesome-learning-collections)
 
 - [Social Media Engagement with meta tags](https://sympli.io/blog/2017/07/19/how-to-boost-social-media-engagement-with-meta-tags/)
 
 - [Kali Linux CheatSheet](https://github.com/NoorQureshi/kali-linux-cheatsheet)
 
 - [Game Programming Road Map](https://github.com/miloyip/game-programmer)
 
 - [Catalog of Refactorings](https://refactoring.com/catalog/)
 
 - [5 tips to write foolproof test cases every time](https://reqtest.com/testing-blog/5-tips-to-write-foolproof-test-cases-every-time/)
 
 - [File Upload using VueJS and Laravel](https://dev.to/diogoko/file-upload-using-laravel-and-vue-js-the-right-way-1775)
 
 - [Deploying using Github Actions and Eleventy](https://dev.to/koddr/automate-that-a-practical-guide-to-github-actions-build-deploy-a-static-11ty-website-to-remote-virtual-server-after-push-d19?fbclid=IwAR3WZWLHM0RTudc0UHJFgIXQgF5pelAylXIwq99UxSTqcR8td9DUVAKTVTQ)
 
 - [OOP Principles for Writing Better Code in Laravel Explained](https://medium.com/better-programming/laravel-oop-principles-for-writing-better-code-explained-part-1-531276365cba)
  
 - [Design Patterns](https://sourcemaking.com/design_patterns)
  
 - [What Are Code Smells in PHP? An OOP Approach for Cleaner Code](https://medium.com/better-programming/what-are-code-smells-in-php-oop-approach-for-cleaner-code-c9729232dc5f)
 
 - [Data Stacks](https://www.moderndatastack.xyz/categories)

# PLAYGROUNDS

 - [Dart](https://dartpad.dartlang.org/)
 
 - [Code Wars](https://www.codewars.com/dashboard)
 
 - [CSS Flexbox](https://the-echoplex.net/flexyboxes/)
 
 - [JsComplete (Javascript)](https://jscomplete.com/playground)


   
# CODE SNIPPETS 
 
  - [File upload preview image](https://bit.ly/2waV31A)
  
  - [Dealing with Promises in an array (JS)](https://dev.to/afifsohaili/dealing-with-promises-in-an-array-with-async-await-5d7g)
  
  - [Creating Vue.js Component Instances Programmatically](https://css-tricks.com/creating-vue-js-component-instances-programmatically/)
  
  - [Ditch Jquery, Just use plain JS](https://tobiasahlin.com/blog/move-from-jquery-to-vanilla-javascript/)

  - [Vue JS Warning Runtime Only Build](https://codewithhugo.com/vue-warn-runtime-only-build/)
  
  - [1 Line of Code Javascript](https://1loc.dev/)

  
# NPM Packages

  - [Facebook Chat Api](https://www.npmjs.com/package/facebook-chat-api)

Commit message:

Added Building Collaborative AI Developer's Guide link

Readme.md, after:

# Cybersecurity | Networking
- [Security Training for Developers](https://www.hacksplaining.com/lessons) - Security Training for Web Developers
  
- [BlackArch Tools](https://blackarch.org/tools.html) - BlackArch Linux Penetration Testing Distribution

- [Cyber Kill Chain](https://www.lockheedmartin.com/en-us/capabilities/cyber/cyber-kill-chain.html) - Framework that part of the Intelligence Driven Defense model for identification and prevention of cyber intrusions activity.

- [OSINT Framework](https://osintframework.com/) - FREE OSINT Resources

- [Shodan](https://www.shodan.io/) - Shodan is the world's first search engine for Internet-connected devices.

- [Greynoise](https://www.greynoise.io/) - Real-time intelligence for modern threats

- [Exploit Database](https://www.exploit-db.com/google-hacking-database) - Dorks for intended for pentesters and security researchers.

- [Digital Forensics Lab](https://github.com/frankwxu/digital-forensics-lab) - Free hands-on digital forensics labs for students and faculty

- [TryHackMe Road Map](https://github.com/rng70/TryHackMe-Roadmap) -  list of 350+ Free TryHackMe rooms to start learning hacking

- ["CVE Details" Security Vulnerability Database](https://www.cvedetails.com/) - Offers a complete CVE database enhanced with additional information including advisories, exploits, tools, source code changes and much more

- [Xanthorox AI](https://xanthorox.net/) - Xanthorox AI is NOT a "Black Hat AI". It is an advanced AI assistant primarily designed to support ethical hacking, penetration testing, cybersecurity research (for both red and blue teams), and innovative tool creation by developers.

- [Dark Web OSINT](https://www.osinthandbook.com/dark-web-research) - List of links for dark web research


# AWS
- [Stephane Maarek Ultimate AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner CLF-C02 2025](https://www.udemy.com/course/aws-certified-cloud-practitioner-new/?couponCode=LETSLEARNNOW)

- [Stephane Maarek 6 practice exam AWS Cloud Practitioner](https://www.udemy.com/course/practice-exams-aws-certified-cloud-practitioner/?couponCode=LETSLEARNNOW)

- [NextWork Community](https://community.nextwork.org/) - Learn AWS, AI, and more through hands-on learning and real-world projects.

- [Tutorials Dojo](https://tutorialsdojo.com/) - One-Stop Learning Portal for AWS Certification, Azure Training & Other Cloud Topics

- [AWS Cloud Quest: Cloud Practitioner](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/learn/courses/11458/aws-cloud-quest-cloud-practitioner) - role-based learning experience designed to equip you with practical AWS Cloud skills. Featuring 12 FREE hands-on assignments that guide you through building real-world solutions, this course is enriched by instructional videos, architecture diagrams, knowledge quizzes, and a competitive tournament mode.

- [AWS Educate](https://aws.amazon.com/education/awseducate/) - provides students and educators with no-cost access to cloud computing skills training developed by AWS experts

- [AWS Samples](https://github.com/aws-samples) - AWS Samples


# AI Related Tools | LLMs | MCP
- [AI Roadmap](https://github.com/aadi1011/AI-ML-Roadmap-from-scratch) - AI Roadmap from scratch

- [Deep-Live-Cam](https://github.com/hacksider/Deep-Live-Cam?tab=readme-ov-file) - Real-time face swap and video deepfake with a single click and only a single image.
  
- [Claude AI](https://claude.ai/) - next generation AI assistant built by Anthropic

- [AI Papers](https://aipaper.dev/) - Stay up-to-date with the latest AI research, for free, forever!

- [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/) - The world’s most trusted open ecosystem forsourcing, building, and deploying data science and AI initiatives.

- [Llama Index](https://www.llamaindex.ai/) - Build AI Knowledge Assistants over your enterprise data

- [NotebookLM](https://notebooklm.google/) - Your research and thinking partner, grounded in the information you trust, built with the latest Gemini models.

- [SynthID](https://deepmind.google/science/synthid/) - A tool to watermark and identify content generated through AI

- [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/) - Build with the latest models from Google DeepMind

- [Google AI Tools](https://ai.google/)

- [Convex Backend](https://github.com/get-convex/convex-backend) - open-source reactive database designed to make life easy for web app developers, whether human or LLM. Fetch data and perform business logic with strong consistency by writing pure TypeScript.

- [Neuron AI](https://www.neuron-ai.dev/) - ADK for PHP

- [PHP MCP Server SDK](https://github.com/php-mcp/server) - A comprehensive PHP SDK for building Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers. Create production-ready MCP servers in PHP with modern architecture, extensive testing, and flexible transport options.

- [Learn AI](https://bryllim.com/learn-ai) - List of free AI resources and certifications

- [AI Study Note](https://tidal-draw-67c.notion.site/Study-Note-AI-Agent-2b4b2866cc68805c8018dfb996578c94) - AI Agent Learning

- [AI Design Patterns](https://cloud.google.com/architecture/choose-design-pattern-agentic-ai-system) - This document provides guidance to help you choose a design pattern for your agentic AI system.

- [Building a collborative AI Developer's Guide to Multi-Agent Systems with ADK](https://cloud.google.com/blog/topics/developers-practitioners/building-collaborative-ai-a-developers-guide-to-multi-agent-systems-with-adk?e=48754805)


# Development

- [Free Public APIs](https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis.git)

- [A list of Free APIs](https://apilist.fun/)

# Whiteboard Tools

- [Excalidraw](https://excalidraw.com/) - Virtual collaborative whiteboard tool to easily create sketch diagrams

# APIs
 
- [Mockaroo](https://www.mockaroo.com/) > Dummy Data Generator, (MANY FEATURES) RECOMMENDED

- [Free Public APIs](https://github.com/edenramoneda/public-apis) - Free Public APIs


# Generators

- [CSS Grid Generator](https://cssgridgenerator.io/) - Tool that helps developers create custom CSS grid layouts more easily.
  
- [Tailwind Grid Generator](https://www.tailwindgen.com/) - Tool that helps developers create custom Tailwind grid layouts more easily.

- [Logo Generator](https://logomark.ai/) 

- [Ilus AI](https://ilus.ai/) - AI illustration Generator

- [Get Waves](https://getwaves.io/) - Wave generator

- [Shape Divider](https://www.shapedivider.app/) - Custom Shape dividers

- [Github Profile Generator](https://www.github-profile-generator.in/)


# Graphics | Animations | Illustrations

 - [Reactbits](https://reactbits.dev/) - Open source collection of animated, interactive & fully customizable React components for building stunning, memorable websites
   
 - [Blush](https://blush.design/) - Create and customize stunning illustrations with collections made by artists across the globe

 - [StorySet](https://storyset.com/) - Awesome free customizable illustrations

 - [WannaThis](https://wannathis.one/) - 3D illustrations and Mockups for design projects

 - [Mockuuups](https://mockuuups.studio/) - Drag-and-drop tool for creating beautiful app previews or any marketing materials. Easily insert your screenshot into device mockups for free.

 - [Parallax Figma Plugin](https://davv.store/parallax)
 
 - [Quaternius](http://quaternius.com/index.html) - Free game assets
 
 - [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/) - Best free stock photos, royalty free images & videos shared by creators.
 
 - [Undraw](https://undraw.co/) - Open-source illustrations for any idea you can imagine and create.
 
 - [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) - Beautiful Free Images
 
 - [Dribble](https://www.dribbble.com/) - Web Designs
 
 - [Freepick](https://www.freepik.com/)
    > If you want to browse only free illustrations. Put check "free" on the right side menu, then download your favorite      
      illustration. unzip the  file then get the .eps format then convert it to svg using this link cloudconvert below.
 
 - [Cloud Convert](https://cloudconvert.com/eps-to-svg)
 
 - [ICO Converter](https://www.icoconverter.com/)
   
 - [Free Frontend](https://freefrontend.com/) - Code snippets
   
 - [UI Gradients](https://uigradients.com/) - Color gradients
   
 - [Lottie Files](https://lottiefiles.com/) - Free lightweight animations for website

 - [HiCliPart](https://www.hiclipart.com/) > For downloading PNGs

 - [PNG Wing](https://www.pngwing.com/) > For downloading PNGs
   
 - [Animated SVGs](https://www.svgbackgrounds.com/)
   
 - [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/) - Online Photo Editor

 - [Uxintace](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61550360954650) - UI/Figma Designs

 
 # WEB RTC
 - [RECORD RTC](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RecordRTC)
 
 - [Adding video chat to your laravel app](https://mupati.medium.com/adding-video-chat-to-your-laravel-app-9e333c8a01f3)
 
 - [Live stream with WebRTC in your Laravel application](https://dev.to/mupati/live-stream-with-webrtc-in-your-laravel-application-2kl3)
 
 - [WEB RTC](https://www.webrtc-experiment.com/)

 
# Learnings

 - [Linux Basic](https://linuxjourney.com)
 
 - [PHP The Right Way](www.phptherightway.com)
 
 - [Web Skills](https://andreasbm.github.io/web-skills/)
 
 - [Goal Kicker](https://goalkicker.com/)
 
 - [Developer's Road Map](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap)
 
 - [Sir JP Ada's Learning Collections](https://github.com/johnpaulada/awesome-learning-collections)
 
 - [Social Media Engagement with meta tags](https://sympli.io/blog/2017/07/19/how-to-boost-social-media-engagement-with-meta-tags/)
 
 - [Kali Linux CheatSheet](https://github.com/NoorQureshi/kali-linux-cheatsheet)
 
 - [Game Programming Road Map](https://github.com/miloyip/game-programmer)
 
 - [Catalog of Refactorings](https://refactoring.com/catalog/)
 
 - [5 tips to write foolproof test cases every time](https://reqtest.com/testing-blog/5-tips-to-write-foolproof-test-cases-every-time/)
 
 - [File Upload using VueJS and Laravel](https://dev.to/diogoko/file-upload-using-laravel-and-vue-js-the-right-way-1775)
 
 - [Deploying using Github Actions and Eleventy](https://dev.to/koddr/automate-that-a-practical-guide-to-github-actions-build-deploy-a-static-11ty-website-to-remote-virtual-server-after-push-d19?fbclid=IwAR3WZWLHM0RTudc0UHJFgIXQgF5pelAylXIwq99UxSTqcR8td9DUVAKTVTQ)
 
 - [OOP Principles for Writing Better Code in Laravel Explained](https://medium.com/better-programming/laravel-oop-principles-for-writing-better-code-explained-part-1-531276365cba)
  
 - [Design Patterns](https://sourcemaking.com/design_patterns)
  
 - [What Are Code Smells in PHP? An OOP Approach for Cleaner Code](https://medium.com/better-programming/what-are-code-smells-in-php-oop-approach-for-cleaner-code-c9729232dc5f)
 
 - [Data Stacks](https://www.moderndatastack.xyz/categories)

# PLAYGROUNDS

 - [Dart](https://dartpad.dartlang.org/)
 
 - [Code Wars](https://www.codewars.com/dashboard)
 
 - [CSS Flexbox](https://the-echoplex.net/flexyboxes/)
 
 - [JsComplete (Javascript)](https://jscomplete.com/playground)


   
# CODE SNIPPETS 
 
  - [File upload preview image](https://bit.ly/2waV31A)
  
  - [Dealing with Promises in an array (JS)](https://dev.to/afifsohaili/dealing-with-promises-in-an-array-with-async-await-5d7g)
  
  - [Creating Vue.js Component Instances Programmatically](https://css-tricks.com/creating-vue-js-component-instances-programmatically/)
  
  - [Ditch Jquery, Just use plain JS](https://tobiasahlin.com/blog/move-from-jquery-to-vanilla-javascript/)

  - [Vue JS Warning Runtime Only Build](https://codewithhugo.com/vue-warn-runtime-only-build/)
  
  - [1 Line of Code Javascript](https://1loc.dev/)

  
# NPM Packages

  - [Facebook Chat Api](https://www.npmjs.com/package/facebook-chat-api)
